---
title: Embed script v8
category: install-script
hidden: true
permalink: /script/v8
last_modified_at: 2022-04-14
---

We updated our public script. It has some cool new features.

## Strict UTM

To track campaigns you use UTM-codes. There are 5 different codes: `utm_source`, `utm_campaign`, `utm_medium`, `utm_content`, and `utm_term`. To make it more readable we allow customers to use the aforementioned codes plus `ref`, `source`, `campaign`, `medium`, `content`, and `term`.

But for some customers this is not desirable, so we created a way to opt-out. Add `data-strict-utm="true"` to the embed script and we only allow the following codes: `utm_source`, `utm_campaign`, `utm_medium`, `utm_content`, and `utm_term`.

## Auto Events

We support collecting events with our auto events script. It's now available for custom domains as well.

## Sessions ID

We added a session ID to page views. This makes it possible to link events to page views.

## Build on top of events

It's now easier to test and build on top of events for developers. Previously, we would forbid our script on localhost to prevent data being send from the developers' computer. We now allow it and show a warning in the Developer Console of the browser when this happens. We allow events and page views to be send from localhost.

It's usually a good idea to set `data-hostname="example.com"` when working locally, so we know we should add the events to `example.com`.

## Bugs

We fixed a bug where invalid events where saved in apps that used [prototypes on JavaScript Objects](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Object_prototypes).

If you are a developer you might want to see [what changed](https://github.com/simpleanalytics/scripts/compare/26009ec29abe26ae585a632d41ea01aff3fed3ec...3874b44ce5f1b0b8a7d50fb512fdcf5285a0138f) in our open-source repository.
